DORA report docs (#29993)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/internal_developer_portal/eng_reports/dora_metrics.md

Reviewer: This page isn't listed in the side nav, because it isn't being referenced in the [main.en.yaml](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/9cb18e83ec06b803a5a06e460091f42707aa8ada/config/_default/menus/main.en.yaml#L2106-L2120) file that defines the side nav. We have some [info in Confluence](https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/x/6gGufg) about this, but just let me know if you'd like any help updating the nav menu file!

<img width="996" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34871144-48c8-4d83-85f9-0e3656b21579" />

{{< img src="tracing/eng_reports/dora-metrics-report.png" alt="Default view of the Scorecards Performance report, with the Performance by Scorecard sub-section visible" style="width:100%;" >}} 

## Interact with your DORA Metrics report

### Adjust your view

By default, the Scorecards Performance report breaks down data by service, which allows you to quickly understand DORA metrics performance across all your services.

You can update your DORA Metrics report view in the following ways:

- **Switch the aggregation between "Service", "Team", or "Env"**: View your organization's DORA metrics by service/team/env groupings to identify top- and bottom-performing areas. 
- **Add filters to scope the data**: Filter by service, team, repository id, env, and other tags.

### Schedule reports

Set up scheduled reports for your stakeholders that are delivered as PDFs through email or Slack on a recurring basis.

To schedule reports, click on **Schedule Report** in the top right corner (or **Manage Reports** if you've already set up reports). Refer to the [Scheduled Reports documentation][1] for more information.

### Customize your report

> On the upper right corner of the report, click the kebab menu and select **Clone as a Dashboard** to create a dashboard with content from the DORA Metrics report. The dashboard reflects the "service" aggregated view. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the upper right corner of the report, click the three-dot menu and select **Clone as a Dashboard** to create a dashboard with content from the DORA Metrics report. The dashboard reflects the "service" aggregated view. 
```

You can update your DORA Metrics report view in the following ways:

> - **Switch the aggregation grouping: View your organization's DORA metrics grouped by **Service**, **Team**, or **Env** to identify top- and bottom-performing areas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Switch the aggregation grouping**: View your organization's DORA metrics grouped by **Service**, **Team**, or **Env** to identify top- and bottom-performing areas. 
```
